Refactor README to include more specific PR documentation (#1697)
balena-os/balena-supervisor: README.md

### Pull requests

Your PR will require the following to pass:

 - Each commit be signed-off
 - At least one commit in the PR contains a `Change-type` value.

See below for more information.

#### Commit signatures

> Commits should be signed-off (`git commit -s`) and at least one commit contains a `Change-type` so that [Versionist](https://github.com/resin-io/versionist) can correctly update the application's [semantic versioning](https://semver.org)). Change-type's value is either patch, minor, or major.

Reviewer: Should we keep requiring the signature? The commit already has an author and the PR is reviewed by us.

> Commits should be signed-off (`git commit -s`) and at least one commit contains a `Change-type` so that [Versionist](https://github.com/resin-io/versionist) can correctly update the application's [semantic versioning](https://semver.org)). Change-type's value is either patch, minor, or major.

Reviewer 2: After the most recent 3rd party PR, I think it's worth mentioning that the footer should be the last bit of the PR, to avoid the pain the user went through figuring this out.

#### Clean history

> Fixup (squash) as many commits as you can without bundling too many changes into a single commit. However, also don't bundle too many changes as it makes reviewing and regression debugging harder.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing imho. Bundle your changes but don't bundle too much? We could say something like 'be conscious about the way your bundle your commits in order to make reviewing easier. This will improve the chances of your PR being reviewed'

Another route could be add some examples of good and bad commits, and linking to https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

> Fixup (squash) as many commits as you can without bundling too many changes into a single commit. However, also don't bundle too many changes as it makes reviewing and regression debugging harder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixup (squash) as many commits as you can without bundling too many changes into a single commit. However, don't bundle too many changes as it makes reviewing and regression debugging harder. A good rule of thumb to follow when trying to determine which commits to squash together is to group the ones that relate to one atomic change, including the atomic change's tests if any.
```
